---
Title: Privacy Policy | Frugal Design | Hull
Description: This privacy policy sets out how Frugal Design uses and protects any information that you give frugaldesign.co.uk when you use this website.
Author: Tom Hartley
Date: 2021-10-22
Tags: legal, privacy, disclaimer, policy
Robots: noindex,nofollow
Template: blog-post
Alt_Title: Website & Privacy Info
Alt_Description: This privacy policy sets out how Frugal Design uses and protects any information that you give frugaldesign.co.uk when you use this website. Frugal Design is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that...
Image: %assets_url%/blog/privacy-policy.webp
---

This privacy policy sets out how Frugal Design (Frugal Consultancy & Design Limited) uses and protects any information that you give frugaldesign.co.uk when you use this website.

Frugal Design is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

Frugal Design may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes. 

This policy was last updated on the date & time shown in the sub-title (above / top-of-page).

## What we collect

We may collect the following information:

> - Name<br>
> - Contact information (typically your email address).<br>
> - Background information about potential projects (in relation service enquiries).<br>

<br>

## What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:

* Internal record keeping & business administration.
* We may use the information in the aggregate for marketing research, e.g. to adjust & improve our service offerings or to customise the website according to user activity.
* We may send infrequent promotional emails about our services, available capacity or other information which we think may be of interest to you.
* From time to time we may also use the information to contact you for market research.

## Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 

## Cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. When you visit our site, a cookie file is stored on your device enable web traffic monitoring. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The website can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

Currently, our website only utilises cookies from the following third party services:

* **Google Analytics** - we use this to understand how the Frugal Design website is being used in order to improve the user experience. Your user data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service [here](http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html).

* **Calendly** - we use this service for calendar management and to automate the booking & arrangement of telephone & MS Teams consultations. When you click a call booking button from our website, a pop-up form will appear and prompt you to select a time-slot and enter a brief amount of personal information (see "What we collect" section above). The information you enter is compiled by Calendly into an enquiry email which they send to our email address, with you copied in (CC'd). You can find out more about Calendly's position on privacy as regards its service [here](https://calendly.com/privacy).

If you are concerned about online privacy, you should consider:

* Deleting these cookies once you have visited the site;
* Browsing the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc);
* Modifying your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it;
* Refusing cookies altogether through your browser settings.

The **Help** function within your browser will tell you how to do the above, and alternatively you may wish to visit the website [About Cookies](https://www.aboutcookies.org), which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.

Overall, cookies help us provide our website users with a better experience by enabling us to monitor which pages are useful and which are not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, and the only personal data we can access about you is that listed under the section "What we collect", which you choose to share with us when you physically type it into and submit the relevant form/page.

## Other information we collect

**Social buttons** – On many of the pages of the Frugal Design website you may see ‘social buttons’. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: LinkedIn 'Share', Facebook 'Share' and Twitter 'Tweet'. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of Frugal Design. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on our website. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases, if you are logged into their services (such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter), these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting frugaldesign.co.uk, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don’t click on the button. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt-out, or delete such information.

**External web services** – We use a number of external web services on frugaldesign.co.uk, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, to display graphic content we use [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) and for carousels we use [Owl Carousel](https://owlcarousel2.github.io/OwlCarousel2/). This is completely typical in website design & operation, and we don't consider there to be any significant user privacy concerns raised by using such third party services. As with the social buttons, we cannot prevent these sites' scripts from collecting information on the usage of their scripts on our site.

**Email tracking** – Currently we do not use email tracking at all. That is, we cannot tell when you have viewed an email sent by us, and we cannot tell when you have clicked any of the links which may be present in one of our emails.

## Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

## Controlling your personal information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

* Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, consider whether you are happy for that information to be handled and stored by our website's systems, and proceed accordingly. We have alternative contact options - e.g. phone, email, mail - published throughout our website which you can choose to use instead.

* If you have previously submitted personal information to us and are being contacted by us with unwanted marketing or other content, you can ask us to remove your information from our records by emailing or writing to us at any of our contact email addresses published on our website, and we will be happy to do so.

We will not sell, lease or bulk distribute your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.

You may request details of the personal information we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to:

> Frugal Consultancy & Design Ltd<br>
> 63 Hymers Avenue,<br>
> Kingston-upon-Hull<br>
> HU3 1LL


If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

## Disclaimer

The material on our site is given for general information only and does not constitute professional advice. You should take specific advice before taking a course of action as we do not accept directly or indirectly any responsibility for loss arising directly or indirectly from reliance on information on this site.

Given that the Internet uses an open system we cannot warrant that the site and downloads reach you virus-free. You must, therefore, take all appropriate precautions for your own safety.

---

## Website Disclaimer

The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only and does not constitute professional advice. The information is provided by Frugal Consultancy & Design Limited and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.

In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of profits or loss of data arising out of or in connection with your or any third party's use or reliance upon any of the information shown on this website.

Through this website you may be able to able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Frugal Consultancy & Design Limited. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.

Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Frugal Consultancy & Design Limited takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

!! Please contact us immediately if you have a query or issue with any of the content on this site so that we may review & address any issues at the earliest opportunity.

---

## Credits

There are some images shown on this site sourced from creative commons and which require owner attribution, which is outlined in the table below:

| Image:     | Owner Attribution: | Link: |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| access-equipment-1.webp | Scissor Lift - archieflickers - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/13898829@N04/9309602012">Link</a> | 
| bespoke-machines.webp | Test Cell [Image 6 of 9 - DVIDSHUB - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/28650594@N03/7112879347">Link</a> | 
| coord-site-layout-1.webp | C&D waste recycling plant layout - CDEGlobal - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/38623163@N07/4745557942">Link</a> | 
| coord-site-layout-2.webp | Factory simulation in FlexSim - 424ccdrums - CC BY-NC 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/Factory_simulation_in_FlexSim.jpg">Link</a> | 
| coord-visualise.webp | Mirroring of Geo and Kinematics in Process Simulate - Siemens PLM Software - CC BY-ND 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/31274959@N08/6238420245">Link</a> | 
| materials-handling-1.webp | CDE Stockpile conveyor - CDEGlobal - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/38623163@N07/3584215461">Link</a> | 
| pressure-vessels-and-storage-tanks-1.webp | 20130618-RD-LSC-0295 - USDAgov - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/41284017@N08/9404352421">Link</a> | 
| reverse-engineer-structural.webp | Tay Bridge drawing (bo111) - Ted and Jen - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/10637778@N00/48303020181">Link</a> |  
| rupture-panel-support-frames.webp | Google Earth - 54°58'58"N 1°27'06"W | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://earth.google.com/">Link</a> | 
| services-consulting-2.webp | Factory simulation in FlexSim - 424ccdrums - CC BY-NC 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/Factory_simulation_in_FlexSim.jpg">Link</a> | 
| support-frames-services-equipment.webp | 93-01-xx, Zimmer Power Plant, Coal Conveyors - geocam20000 - CC BY 2.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/65439930@N00/6707491519">Link</a> | 
| transport-frames-stillages.webp | Falcon 9 Interstage Coupler - jurvetson - CC0 1.0 | <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/44124348109@N01/2996252770">Link</a> | 


<br>